Address supported platforms page feedback (SOFTWARE-5841) (#165)
osg-htc/docs: docs/release/osg-36.md

============

!!! danger "Upcoming OSG 3.6 end-of-support dates"
    OSG 3.6 reaches the "End of Regular Support" on March 31, 2024 and will only receive critical bug-fix and

>     security update until it's end-of-life on June 30, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    security updates until its end-of-life on June 30, 2024.
```
